- For the gen AI trial, it certainly met all the criteria. If I were to trun that in for an assignment I would get at bare minimum a B since it at least accomplished all of the the objectives. But it did so in such a bland and meh way. The story lacked any sense of game or coherence. It felt so random and arbritray and like a weird estimation of story tropes. As well my biggest problem with using gen AI for coding arose, and that's understandability. Since it is not bound by the methods we've been taught, it can often do a lot of things that look foreign or are unnecesarily complex which makes reverse engineering the code for learning purposes much harder. The design of the website was pleasant and well structured though.

- The biggest struggle was the narrative logic. During my time as a CS major we never actually did any choose your own adventure style codes. However I have plenty of experience with if else statements so I wanted to try to create a solid system with multiple paths to victory in the simplest and most concise way I could. I'm sure there is a way to make this code even more sleak but I was proud with the fact that it only used a few variables and less if else statements than you would expect. The only real hiccup I ran into was that my methodology for skipping to the win or lose screen sets a variable to 3 which then immediately green lights the next else if statement, but once I swapped the order of those to else if statements that issue was solved. Overall the only real issues I'm running into is css styling since it feels so finnicky and unintuitive (at least to me) but I am getting mroe comfortable with it every week.