- I created something that focused much more on exploring the material from this week and keeping the html simple. The AI also did that but also did the bare minmium, simplest approach. I purposefully added some complexity in my solution to what was assigned to knock off some rust from my coding knowledge, the AI has no need to do that. 
- Its answers to the prompts were also quite funny as I use Ecosia AI which is an environmentally friendly, mental health conscious web browser and AI so it was like "wikipedia, khan academy, Settlers of Catan, Beyonce, Frida Kahlo" which I thought weas fun to see how it answered those questions. 
- I feel like 90% confident with understanding all of its code. Some of it utilizes syntax I am unfamiliar with but conceptually doesn't do anything out of left field to me. 
- This work doesn''t feel at all like my own, and I never feel like AI generated content feels like my own at all. In the exchange of me to AI I feel no different than an instructor assigning homework. ALl I'm doing is giving it a prompt or request and accepting what it creates. I can add as many stipulations and conditions as I want, but I am still not at all apart of the creatin process. It would be lunacy for an instructor to claim a students work as their's simply because they told the student what to do.
- I am someone who's always drawn to work and activities that rely on me and me alone. In highschool I was a runner and a wrestler, as a child I did martial arts, now I am a freestyle dancer and a painter. Because of that, the idea of relying exclusively on others' work makes my skin crawl, and it's even worse with AI. With other people, you cna usually gage their level of reliabilty based off their confidence of their work, and AI is one of the most blindly confident entities I've ever seen. It will spew you something completely false with absolute conviction no matter what. I almost exclusively use AI as a beefed up search engine, I almost never ask it to create things for me, that's not really my style.